Fix The Usage Section in Docs (#837)
uclahs-cds/package-moPepGen: docs/quick-start.md

### Call Variant Peptides

> Call variant peptides using the parsed variant table generated by `parseVEP`. `callPeptide` takes multiple variant tables. They must all be parsed by one of the parsers of `moPepGen`. Cleavage rule, miscleavage and minimal molecular weights are also set to default as the values below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Call variant peptides using the parsed variant GVF file generated by `parseVEP`. `callVariant` takes multiple variant 
GVF files to combine variant types. They must all be parsed by one of the parsers of `moPepGen`. Cleavage rule, miscleavage and minimal molecular weight are also set to default values as below.
```
